>> Sarah Drasner: All right,
let's talk about Scale.
This is a really good one
because this is one that is so
simple, but it's so effective for
changing things up and
getting a new kind of concept for
your designs.
So if we have an image and we change the
scale of that image instead of plopping it
on the page, it becomes a piece of the
layout, or it becomes a piece of the grid,
or it becomes a little bit more dynamic or
interesting.
So, any one of these things, like the O2,
let's say somebody said, okay,
make me a composition with an O and a two.
You might put that on the page and
be like, nah,
I don't know what to do with this, but
that's actually a pretty good composition.
You look at the like,
hand with the vectory skeleton.
That's a pretty boring image actually, but
they made it really dynamic by blowing
up the scale, by turning it diagonal,
by cropping it in a really awkward kinda
way that's a little bit unique or unusual.
Even with the woman in the dress,
that's just one image.
They took her, blew her up,
don't care about noise, she's cropped.
You're not even seeing her full body.
And then they took her again and
duplicated her again and
kind of pushed her out of there a bit.
And all of a sudden you have
a beautiful composition or
as if it was just a picture of her on
the page, maybe not so interesting, right?
So that can also be a great way to
introducing something that's a bit
more unique and something that other
people don't do quite as much.
>> Sarah Drasner: I was given this project
there was somebody giving a keynote for
Microsoft, and they had this table.
And it was kind of like just a table and
so they were like, okay, four hours.
Make a design, go.
So I just kind of skimmed the table,
and that's pretty boring.
So I took this image and
I turned it on its side,
I blew it up really big.
It's actually like a giant image, I'm only
showing you a tiny little piece of it.
But we get that background, the kind of
texture that most people wouldn't have
even noticed in the image, and
it's not important, right?
It's not important that people understand
every bit of what's in that image.
What they need to see and
understand is that their's a little
bit of coffee beans and also that
maybe it's not the most important,
it's not the focal point of this design,
it's a table, right?
Really they're paying attention
to the table and they should.
So, it's pushed into the background.
The other thing I'm gonna show
you today when we're working in
Photoshop is how to make these masks,
and how to work with an image.
Crop scale, mask it so that you can have
it kind of fade into the background and
not just be plopped onto the page.